bpo-42918: Improve build-in function compile() in mode 'single' (#29934)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2021-12-06-15-32-12.bpo-42918.Czpgtg.rst

> Improve build-in :func:`compile` in mode 'single'.  Patch by Weipeng Hong.

Reviewer: Could you please add more context on what this PR is fixing here? This current text is unfortunately too generic.

> The build-in :func:`compile` should raise :exc:`SyntaxError` when it compile
> multiple statements in 'single' mode. Patch by Weipeng Hong.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fix bug where the built-in :func:`compile` function did not always raise a
:exc:`SyntaxError` when passed multiple statements in 'single' mode. Patch by
Weipeng Hong.
```
